So, welcome to our first assignment.
Our first assignment, of course,
like in all decent programming classes,
is printing Hello World.
Now we're going to use the
autograder for this.
And so, here we are,
and let me scroll down.
We have a demonstration and it's kind of
matic because that's the demonstration I'm
doing right now,
it's not all that matters.
So, here's an assignment, and assignments
are a little bit different when you click
them because there's the honor code and
you have to type your name and
hit this check box to sort of
point out that you're human and
that you're the right human, etc.
And then it's going to launch the tool
when you press open tool here
in a new window, and here we go.
And so, basically,
this is a Python simulated environment.
It's only good enough to do the first
ten chapters, but it's great.
Now, the idea that I have is that you will
actually write the Python on your computer
using a real text editor like Atom, and
then just paste the code in here to
get graded, but we understand that if
you're using an iPad or something else
like that that this might be the only way
that you're going to do it, or if you're
in a school or something and they've only
got Chromebooks, it's okay, you can do it.
But at some point, like by chapter 11,
you need to have Python, but that's okay.
So some of the buttons that you're
going to see here, you won't see,
these are the teaching assistant and
configuration buttons, but you will see
the check code and the reset code button.
And so what you often find when you
get this is like I give you some code that
is sort of partially there,
in this particular one it has a mistake.
And so I'm going to run it,
say check code, and
this actually submits the code
to Python and it'll run.
And in this case, it's got an error,
name error print cue is
not defined on line two.
And, of course, the bug here is, it
says please correct your code and rerun,
the bug here is that's supposed
to be a t not a q, see,
that's just powerful, so
this first program is really quite easy.
And so, it also shows you in
the autograder the desired output.
And so we'll do check code,
and this is going to work.
And you see this little spinner, that is
the autograder sending your grade back
to Coursera, so that it gets
back in your Coursera gradebook.
And if you don't see that, then you got
a problem, or you can go back and check it
in Coursera, but that is the moment where
it's decided that you've done a good job.
Now, one thing about this is that once
your grade has been set in Coursera,
you can play around here, mess around, and
it doesn't like send back bad grades,
it only sends back good grades.
These are all pass/fail, so
you either have a 100% or 0%, and
if you later mess it up,
you still keep a 100% for your grade.
So it's not like the last grade that
you sent, it's actually the high grade,
which is really it's pass/fail,
so it's 0% or 100%.
But the other thing that you'll notice
is if I make a mistake in the output
it's not going to update the grade,
and so I'm going to make it so
the desired output is hello world.
And so, if I check the code now,
it's going to say,
please correct your code and re-run.
It points over here in a mismatch, because
this is the output of your program,
this is the output it wanted
to have happen, okay?
And so, that's what happens, right?
Now, the other thing that you will notice,
and I can't really demonstrate it on
this first one, is there is a bit of
static analysis that this autograder does
to your code, and it's like you should
have used a for statement in this problem,
or you should have used the input
statement in this problem, etc, etc, etc.
And so,
that also can catch you if you sort of,
are supposed to compute something but
you just print out the answer.
And so it's not just enough to match the
output, you have to match the output, and
it does a little bit of looking at your
Python code to make sure your Python code
makes some sense.
Another thing that's cool about this is
this view grades button that you don't see
that we the teaching assistants and
teaching staff see.
If you're having problems on
an assignment, you don't have to put your
code in the forum, you can simply talk
to a teaching assistant in the forum and
they can come into the assignment and they
can actually see your exact code sitting
in the autograder,
they can even run your code.
And so it's a much better way to exchange
code with the teaching assistants than
sort of posting code in the forums.
In the very last course we do
let you post code in the forums,
but in the first four we don't.
I know that's frustrating to people, but
working code makes it too easy for people
to just like cut and paste it because we'd
like, let me just finish this assignment.
And if you don't struggle on the first
few assignments and understand them,
then you won't actually understand
the fifth or sixth assignment.
And so, taking a shortcut by borrowing
code from someone else is really just
cheating yourself.
And if you put bad code in the forum,
that's even worse.
You say, my code is broken and
it doesn't work, and
then students are like, well,
I'll just take your broken code.
And so, we just don't like
putting code in the forum.
And so, that's basically the idea,
let me finish this and
get it back correct again, so
I print out the right output.
So it runs it, you can have
a syntax error, which I showed you.
You can have an output error.
But if the syntax is right and
the output is right and
you've passed all the static checks, then
it sends the grade back to Coursera and
your grade is updated on Coursera,
then you just click to done button
when you're all done,
then you're back in Coursera.
So, I hope that was helpful to
help get you through writing
your first assignment for this class.